# Problem: Befunge Interpreter
	Difficulty: 4
	Date Completed: 2025/04/01

## 📜Instructions
	Full problem description:
	[CodeWars Link](https://www.codewars.com/kata/526c7b931666d07889000a3c)

## 🛠Function(s) Usage:
	Function: interpret(code);

### Inputs:
	code: A string literal containing Befunge formatted code.

### Returns or Examples:
    The output that would be generated by the code.
	">987v>.v\nv456<  :\n>321 ^ _@"
		=> "123456789"

	Befunge instruction set:
	0-9 Push this number onto the stack.
	+ Addition: Pop a and b, then push a+b.
	- Subtraction: Pop a and b, then push b-a.
	* Multiplication: Pop a and b, then push a*b.
	/ Integer division: Pop a and b, then push b/a, rounded down. If a is zero, push zero.
	% Modulo: Pop a and b, then push the b%a. If a is zero, push zero.
	! Logical NOT: Pop a value. If the value is zero, push 1; otherwise, push zero.
	` (backtick) Greater than: Pop a and b, then push 1 if b>a, otherwise push zero.
	> Start moving right.
	< Start moving left.
	^ Start moving up.
	v Start moving down.
	? Start moving in a random cardinal direction.
	_ Pop a value; move right if value = 0, left otherwise.
	| Pop a value; move down if value = 0, up otherwise.
	" Start string mode: push each character's ASCII value all the way up to the next ".
	: Duplicate value on top of the stack. If there is nothing on top of the stack, push a 0.
	\ Swap two values on top of the stack. If there is only one value, pretend there is an extra 0 on bottom of the stack.
	$ Pop value from the stack and discard it.
	. Pop value and output as an integer.
	, Pop value and output the ASCII character represented by the integer code that is stored in the value.
	# Trampoline: Skip next cell.
	p A "put" call. Pop y, x and v, then change the character at the position (x,y) in the program to the character with ASCII value v.
	g A "get" call. Pop y and x, then push ASCII value of the character at that position in the program.
	@ End program.
	  (i.e. a space) No-op. Does nothing.

/*
  Solution for "Befunge Interpreter"
  CodeWars Link: https://www.codewars.com/kata/526c7b931666d07889000a3c
pursuit software
  Complexity Analysis:
  - Time Complexity: O(n) - Linear, all my functions are O(1) and the code is programatic.
  - Space Complexity: O(n) - Linear: a few operands, couple booleans, a 2d array and an output string
*/

